Who's Hiring? - March 2023
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/11fijrn/whos_hiring_march_2023/
Go SMB Server?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129hizd/go_smb_server/
Manipulating internet and wireless connections with different protocols
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129csya/manipulating_internet_and_wireless_connections/
The Smallest Go Binary (5KB)
https://totallygamerjet.hashnode.dev/the-smallest-go-binary-5kb
In-memory key value store
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129n6oh/inmemory_key_value_store/
Why methods types are different
https://go.dev/play/p/4mR3HtkfK-T
ResultGroup: Go lib for concurrent tasks &amp; errors management
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129smfi/resultgroup_go_lib_for_concurrent_tasks_errors/
ChatGPTUI: ChatGPT ðŸ¤– with Textual User Interface mode written in Go
https://github.com/dwisiswant0/chatgptui?utm_medium=reddit.com
Ebiten vs pixel (Golang)
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129sagu/ebiten_vs_pixel_golang/
Know your enemy: Transformer multi-head attention in 72 lines of Go. This the dark heart of all modern AI systems, that assimilate your work without citation ("fair use") and reduce your economic value toward zero
https://bugfix-66.com/5cb00909c61822041297f4a85e88b3eafaa6c11733f793dcb9880b4cc29631d7
Queue management service modeling
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129qxv0/queue_management_service_modeling/
Handler vs Controller
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1294p5g/handler_vs_controller/
Looking for suggestions on the code architectures and patterns
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1298ibg/looking_for_suggestions_on_the_code_architectures/
Web scraping with Go
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129n1g4/web_scraping_with_go/
Go famous/standard frameworks and libraries ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129rn09/go_famousstandard_frameworks_and_libraries/
New language suggestion to old time Gopher
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128ymjz/new_language_suggestion_to_old_time_gopher/
How and where to start building web api backend?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128vfrn/how_and_where_to_start_building_web_api_backend/
vanceai-go - golang SDK for VanceAI image processing API
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129gc52/vanceaigo_golang_sdk_for_vanceai_image_processing/
GoLang Goes Retro: Compiler Now Supports Morse Code | TechCrunch
https://tsrn.ch/tAa6Gfj
GitHub - agis/spawn: Spawn your Go binary from its TestMain, for end-to-end tests
https://github.com/agis/spawn
Why is it invalid to take the address of a string's byte?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128j3vk/why_is_it_invalid_to_take_the_address_of_a/
Help structure project
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128udx0/help_structure_project/
LYRA
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129192y/lyra/
getting your repo's date and commit hash to use as version
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128xdr8/getting_your_repos_date_and_commit_hash_to_use_as/
Am I being pedantic about these things?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1286wki/am_i_being_pedantic_about_these_things/
Code review first go project
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128k7ov/code_review_first_go_project/
